feat: added the ability to use git operations in the docker image (#1413)
Redocly/redocly-cli: .changeset/loud-eagles-decide.md

---
"@redocly/cli": patch
---

> Added the ability to use git operations in the docker image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added git to the docker image, so the push command can use git metadata.
```
